The Joe Rogan experience. He was a lifeguard. Yeah.
And he stared down the local gang leader, corn pop.
Is that what the story is? Yeah. And he had a chain and then they were,
instead of fighting, they gonna, they became friends. Huh? And he was like,
I'm sorry, I called jestster Williams or so front with razor wielding gangster,
named corn. They used to rush their razors in a rain barrel. That's a,
that's a real story. That's the whole story.
That's the same with the pool dude speech. It's just, uh, I only heard the,
the legs in the pool part. I think, I didn't know about this other guy,
cuz now I might need to hear this. These are <laugh>. Are we allowed to play?
This is this news. How's this work. Yeah. Okay. Let's hear the,
the audio to what it says. Hear it.
And I was one of the guards and there weren't a loted there was a three meter
board and you fell off sideways.
You landed on the dam on the darn cement over there <laugh> and corn pop
was a, was.
There a laugh track on this? One of the corn pop was.
A, a, B, he had a bunch of bad boys <laugh> and I did he,
and back in those days, he shot things changed.
One of the things you had to use, if you use palmade in your hair,
you had to wear a bathiting cap <laugh>. And so he was up on the board.
One list, him, me. I said, Hey Esther, you off the board.
I'll come up and drag you off. Well, he came off and he said,
I'll meet you outside my car. This was mostly,
these were all public housing behind it. My car, there was a gate out here.
I parked my car outside the gate. And I, he said, I'll be waiting for you.
He was waiting for three guys and straight razors, not a joke.
There was a guy named bill Wright mouse, the only white guy.
And he did all the pools. He was the mechanic. And I said, what am I gonna do?
He said, come down here in the basement. Where mechanics, where, where,
where all the pool filter is, you know, the chain,
there used to be a chain that went across the deep end and he cut off a six foot
length of chain. He folded up, he said,
you walk out with that chain and you walked in the car and say,
you may cut me, man, but I'm gonna wrap this chain around your head. I said,
you're kidding me. He said, no, if you don't don't come back. And he was right.
So I walked out with the chain and I walked up to my car
and they had step those days used to remember the straight raord bang on the
curb, get 'em rusty, put 'em in the rain barrel, get 'em rusty.
And I looked at him, but I was smart. Then it, first of all, I said,
when I tell you, get off the board,
you get off the board and I'll kick you out again.
But I shouldn't have called you Esther Williams. I apologize for that.
<Laugh> pause this for a secondpologizepologize for a second.
Do you know who Esther Williams is? Oh, we're almost done. We're almost done.
Go ahead. Keep it going for a second. You need only a few more seconds to go,
gonna work. He.
Said, you apologize to me. I, and I apologize, but I'm not for throwing you out,
but I apologize to what I said. He said, okay, close the straight razor.
My heart began to beat again. <laugh>.
That?
How polite were those children being by the way during that.
Um, that was one of the things I was gonna say when I paused it. Like,
no one's paying attention to him. All those kids are talking. They all went to.
A happy place. They're.
All just talking. Yeah.
This guy's running for president and they're behind him and he's on stage. And.
Was this a president? A president stump thing. I thought something else.
I don't.
Know what it is, but he's running for president while this is going on.
For sure. He's got, oh, he was look there's that thing. The city of, uh,
where is it? Cuz it says it on that little city symbol.
That's on the front of the podium. Delaware. Delaware. Yeah. So who set this up?
Where you have a bunch of kids on stage behind him not paying attention while he
gives this long winded story about razor blades and chains and
<laugh>, but basically they apologize to each other. And then, uh.
It's crazy that he's a presumptive. It's crazy to run him.
It's absolutely crazy. It's.
Weird, man. It's weird. You know, you know, what's interesting. Some, I,
it was interesting talking to Owen Smith yesterday, cuz I lo I love Owen.
He's a, a really brilliant comedian. Oh yeah. I know. I like,
I know what I'm saying. Brilliant comedian, like one of the best guys I know.
Yeah. And we were talking about it and he said,
I like the Biden makes me think like makes me feel like things would be normal
again. Like I think.
He's saying of the people that go Obama go for Biden and that's not a small
amount of people. Yeah. There's like so Obama up Delph on it. But yeah,
Biden was never a guy who was gonna get elected before that. He's certainly not.
Now it it's just trying to get that, that feeling back and it's not coming back.
They gotta.
In, but you've never seen a,
a greater example of team loyalty that yeah, than this,
this one right here. That's what,
this is a hundred percent because no on the left wants to talk about these crazy
long-winded speeches and things that don't make any sense.
No, the, the lefties I learned about it watching,
I think Jimmy do <affirmative> the people on the left. This is why they lost.
I mean, I say that they lost when Nette came out.
But like people, people, uh,
on the left didn't want him and no, and they weren't on board. Bernie,
like Bernie saying, Hey, go along with <laugh> Biden.
People were following Bernie cuz the,
what they thought his policies would be not necessarily like a cult of
personality. So they don't give a. If Bernie says vote for Biden,
they're like they were voting for way more lefty. Yeah.
And not the normal feeling. In fact they hate those.
The real lefties can't stand like a Owen Smith Democrat. Right.
Above all.
Else. They wanted, it changed. They wanted the real lefties.
Want everything changed. Yeah.
Trump, the Republicans had to have their thing where Trump just trashed.
He trnced them when he came in. Right. And they had their like, well,
he they're like his now. And so had that fight. There's no one Joe Bo uh, uh,
Bernie was never gonna do that with the Democrats, but isn't it crazy.
That it's all about likability and electability.
Like that's really what it's all about. When the, if people like to.
A simple, clear message, you a chance dude,
a simple clear message and see the Biden thing you're right. That I just,
people just wanna feel normal again. Like.
I don't know how you that's what that was. Owen's take.
That was how he felt him personally. Yeah.
If they could make that into a slogan, I just wanna feel normal again.
That would be like a mag for them. But, but somebody's gotta come up with that.
Well.
Dude, you got to look back in time and you look at history,
all the mistakes that were made throughout history,
you know that, that's what you're reading about.
When you're reading about lost wars and invasions, it went terrible.
You you're hearing about trials and errors and mistakes. Well.
That's when you see people's, uh, principles. How yeah.
Get cuz I mean wasn't, especially with Biden. The thing of, uh,
all the people that were crowing about believe her and all that, right.
That are like, well you can't believe sometimes people are lying. Oh,
are they now? Now they.
Your team when came, when it came after him. Yeah. It.
That's reallypicable man. Yeah.
Well there's only a few people out there that don't do that.
That are in like the media that are in this, that sort of, uh.
The media loves this more than, I mean
how they hate Trump when it's like 90%, their fault part.
It's there's a lot of different things going on, man. Did you see annihilation?
Like sports? It's like, you want your team to win. It's a.
Lot of that. They got's a huge amount of that,
but you know that movie innihilation and with Natalie Portman.
Yeah. That was the one where they, they, that was by the same guy who made,
uh, ex machinna, right? Yes. Is that it? Yeah. That was really good.
Remember the end and Natalie Portman and there's like a don't.
Spoiler alert it for everybody. This is quarantine.
People could see that movie now. All.
Right. Well, when you see the like they've had enough time to watch it.
<laugh> I'm just kidding. The,
when she's there's a thing of her that's rainbow colored.
That's like a duplicate of her that, right, right, right.
And she's trying to run, it's pressing against the door. Yeah.
She's fighting it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then she stops for a minute and then she gives it a
grenade and pulls it and Wal and gets away by being call.
The more she would fight it.
It would give equal reaction back at that's what these people it's like,
Trump's your reflection. And you, you hate it. And the more they fight it,
the more it presses them back up against the door. And, and, and that's, that's,
there's no,
they're never gonna figure out how to just like give him the grenade and pull
the pin and walk away. Cuz they can't like, uh.
He there's, he definitely makes mistakes,
but they are also so wrapped up in everything that he does
in a way that they distort even things that probably turn out to be a good idea.
He plans for that. He does that. Every,
the people that just could get ruined by one minor thing, you're like,
I'll do a thing every day. And what are you gonna do? And,
and people like these are gonna like a bunch of people just don't follow him or
they like it's genius. Dude. I, you, if you hate his guts,
you can't say he wasn't very smart.
But was so wound up that this is look,
anytime you get too emotional about things, your,
your view of things get distorted.
It's one of the things that happens in fights all the time.
You see fighters talk to each other. Right.
And one of the reasons why they talk to each other,
cuz they're trying to get the other person emotionally invested in the fight.
Right. They're trying to get 'em angry and off where they're gonna do something
irrational. They're not gonna be logical. Right. But that's what you're saying.
You' you're seeing that with him, you know, instead of them analyzing it,
it's like everything is a personal affront and he's a human that must Beed.
That's people that vote for.
A feel like that. Obama feeling. That's what it's such an offense.
It's it's not about anything Obama did or didn't do.
It's the feeling that people got it's it's been offended. Right.
But that's what I, I, but you want that back.
Always said about him, like forget about his policies.
Like he was a great statesman. The way he would talk would be yes.
That's the thing. Yes.
He was reserved and he was articulate and smooth.
And when you would hear him talk, be like,
that's an excellent representation of the United States. Like perfect.
That's our, that's our, one of our top dudes makes sense. Right? Yeah. And,
and like even keeled didn't get angry. I expect.
Certain bourgeoi norms.
<Laugh> yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Whereas like the thing with Trump is that he's,
you know, like you said, he's not really a politician,
so he's just being the guy who's always been. And everybody's like,
I thought you were gonna be a president though.
I thought you were gonna act like we need cuz you want, he called.
Pots. I thought people got him for specifically the opposite of that. Yeah.
It's like, and that done now.
So people still want that the west wing or whatever the, like <laugh>,
that's what it is. It's like you're west wing kind of.
People that if you want reform real reform,
you should be kind of happy that he exposed.
It. What I think it exposes is how not rigged it is because if someone
controlled it no way. Do you know? You know what I mean? Like they.
Only control some of.
It. You can J yeah. Based on yeah. Yeah. The of Bernie and yeah.
And him getting in, not that Bernie.
Was gonna win. The of Bernie though, is it's crazy. It's like, you're watching,
Bernie's.
Not fit to be present. Listen, if you get bulldoz like that,
you're not you're right. I think he's a only good man think,
which is why he's unfit to be the president. Yeah. You can't,
this is not a job for that. Well.
This is one of the reasons why they're so scared of Tulsas Gabbard is cuz she
doesn't lay down like that. You see? Yeah.
Once she had that moment with Kael Harris in the debates. Oh yeah.
She, that was.
Great by the way. That was amazing. Instead of saying, wow, this lady's dynamic.
They're like, oh. We can't really control her.
right<laugh> she's she's gonna attack our, our top lady. Yeah. That's a passion.
She's going after people. She's saying things that, you know, you really,
if you, you want your team to win,
you're not gonna give up those cards so early. Um.
Well they haven't, there's internal thing.
You gotta settle with all the P people that are like actual left that are like
mad mm-hmm <affirmative> and they want their Trump. Yeah. Right, right.
And so they're not gonna go along with the same cuz cuz I think a lot of like
just liberals don't get that the,
the lefties hate you more than they hate a Nazi <laugh> they hate you more than
any right. Winger,
just a regular liberal that's who they want to get the that's why they turn on
Ellen or whoever the. Yeah.
Cause they're waiting to have a reason to turn on you.